When configuring route redistribution, you cannot use multiple route-maps to control redistirbution.
When configuring route-maps, you cannot do a logical AND to match BGP communities.
The ipsmonitor/ipsengine process can max out your cpu under mysterious circumstances, no matter the ammount of traffic.
If you make a support ticket, every solution is to format the device and reapply the firmware.
Redistribution of BGP routes into OSPF causes the BGP next-hop to be put directly into the forward-address. This is not a behaviour you can modify.
QinQ is not supported.
FortiTokens can only be provisioned to one user and one device pairing in Fortimanager. Restriction does not apply on CLI.
Route-map typo'd to routemap under OSPF redistribution hierarchy. Documented "internally". #wontfix
Certain read-only operations (Reading config) in the FortiManager cause config write. Even if the user is configured as read-only
When under DoS or DDOS attack, hearbeat traffic between two Fortigates is not highest prio so a failover can happen because of heartbeats missed. Workaround: Higher timeouts for failover
When something CPU intensive happening (traffic burst, DoS, IPS going nuts) BFD packet generation is missed and route flapping happens
The GUI always seems to glitch, no matter the version of the browser.
The firmware web upgrade shows no progress bar but you'll know when it's done. Unless you decided to refresh, then you'll know faster.
Downgrading to previous firmware versions results in configuration loss on all models.
"get system autoupdate" and "get system auto-update" are not the same thing.
Can find non-numeric data in a GAUGE (fgProcessorUsage returns value of type GAUGE with added %)
Interface descriptions are not exported to ifName or ifAlias in SNMP
Fortimanager stores all session logs to edge devices in plain text on disk. Including sessions pushing plain text passwords.
FortiOS 5.4.x removed the customize reports button, the button's functionality seemed to be platform dependant, not firmware version dependant.
Adding multiple interfaces to a policy 5.4 is a 'feature' and must be enabled.
FortiOS 5.4.x This issue is related with the default dh-param that is changed from 1024 to 2048. But the FGT is still offer algorithm as "diffie-hellman-group-exchange-sha1" and "diffie-hellman-group1-sha1". When ssh client try to communicate with algorithm order "diffie-hellman-group-sha1, diffie-hellman-group14-sha1, diffie-hellman-group-exchange-sha1", FGT sent a TCP FIN. And the ssh connection can not be set up.
Putting fortigates into a cluster changes the mac addresses on their interfaces to a virtual cluster mac address. However this mac address is not generated using the BIA mac address, just the cluster id. That means if you have more than 1 cluster in the same L2 domain with the same cluster id, they would have identical mac addresses.
You can access the internal zebos routing engine by doing 'telnet 127.0.0.1 2650' then you can jump to the root vsys.
You cannot change a VLAN_ID of a vlan subinterface, nor it's attached interface. 
Policy based vpn tunnels won't initiate without security policies. 
Control plane security/features (Allowed Hosts/Protocols) cannot be mitigated by security policies. This means the Control plane comes before Security Policies.
